Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#540)
vtex/openapi-schemas: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide
Thanks for your interest in contributing to [VTEX API Documentation](https://github.com/vtex/openapi-schemas#readme)! Here are a few general guidelines on contributing and reporting bugs to VTEX that we ask you to first look at.

## Contributing
We encourage everyone to participate in the building of our documentation. We usually focus our PRs on the following topics:

- New content (endpoints, descriptions or fields from scratch)
- Improvement (make an endpoint's title or description even better)
- Spelling and grammar accuracy (self-explanatory)

### Style Guidelines
We created a [OpenAPI checklist](https://github.com/vtex/openapi-schemas/blob/master/OpenAPI%20Checklist.md) that contains all fields that we consider required for our API documentation. Please read the checklist before contributing.

### Review

> You must add the [@technical-writers](https://github.com/orgs/vtex-apps/teams/technical-writers/members) to review your contribution. By adding the team, we will indicate the right person to review your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must add the [@technical-writers](https://github.com/orgs/vtex-apps/teams/technical-writers/members) as your contribution's reviewers. By adding the team, we will indicate the right person to review your PR.
```
